c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\ClothingStoreWeb.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\ClothingStoreWeb.pdb
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.Http.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.Http.WebHost.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\obj\Debug\ClothingStoreWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\obj\Debug\ClothingStoreWeb.dll
c:\users\evelin\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\obj\Debug\ClothingStoreWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Evelin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Business.dll
C:\Users\Evelin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Entities.dll
C:\Users\Evelin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Managers.dll
C:\Users\Evelin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Business.pdb
C:\Users\Evelin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\Evelin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Managers.pdb
C:\Users\Evelin\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ClothingStoreWeb\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\obj\Debug\ClothingStoreWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\obj\Debug\ClothingStoreWeb.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\ClothingStoreWeb.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\ClothingStoreWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Business.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Entities.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Managers.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Business.pdb
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Udem.LlamaClothingCo.Managers.pdb
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\bin\es\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
C:\Users\Erick\Documents\GitHub\ClothingStoreWeb\obj\Debug\ClothingStoreWeb.pdb
